Astro deployment token docs (#3581)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-token-rotate.md

---
sidebar_label: "astro deployment token rotate"
title: "astro deployment token rotate"
id: astro-deployment-token-rotate
description: Rotate your Deployment API tokens.
hide_table_of_contents: true
sidebar_custom_props: { icon: 'img/term-icon.png' }
---

:::cliastroonly
:::

> Rotate an Astro [Deployment API Token](deployment-api-tokens.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rotate an Astro [Deployment API Token](deployment-api-tokens.md).
```

To use your API token in an automated process, see [Authenticate an automation tool](automation-authentication.md).

## Usage

```sh

> astro deployment token roate --deployment-id=<deployment-id> <token-ID> [flags]

Author: ```suggestion
astro deployment token rotate <token-id> --deployment-id=<deployment-id>  [flags]
```

---
sidebar_label: "astro deployment token rotate"
title: "astro deployment token rotate"
id: astro-deployment-token-rotate
description: Rotate your Deployment API tokens.
hide_table_of_contents: true
sidebar_custom_props: { icon: 'img/term-icon.png' }
---

:::info

This command is only available on Astro.

:::

Rotate an Astro [Deployment API Token](deployment-api-tokens.md)

To use your API token in an automated process, see [Authenticate an automation tool](automation-authentication.md).

## Usage

```sh

> astro deployment token roate <token-ID> [flags]

Reviewer 2: add --deployment-id flag here

> astro deployment token roate --deployment-id=<deployment-id> <token-ID> [flags]

Reviewer: This usage is inconsistent with the example below. How is the token ID specified, and is it required?

Author: @aliotta can you share an example? the help text isn't quite clear about the syntax

Reviewer 2: roate -> rotate

token-ID is not required and should go before the --deployment-id flag

Reviewer 2: example 

astro deployment token rotate MYTOKENID --deployment-id=DEPID

or

astro deployment token rotate --deployment-id=DEPID

```

## Options

| Option                         | Description                                                                            | Possible Values                                                                |
| ------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `-c`,`--clean-output`           |    Print only the token as output. For use of the command in scripts.                                              | N/A |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-c`,`--clean-output`           |    Print only the token as output. Use when writing scripts that run the command.                                           | N/A |
```

| `-f`, `--force` | Rotate the Deployment API token without showing a warning. | N/A                                          |
| `-t`,`--name`          | The name of the token to be rotated. If the name contains a space, specify the entire name within quotes "".          | String                                                         |

## Examples

```bash

> astro deployment token rotate --deployment-id=clukapi6r000008l58530cg8i [flags]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
astro deployment token rotate --deployment-id=clukapi6r000008l58530cg8i --name "My token"
```
